Adding examples for list-deployment (#876)
OctopusDeploy/docs: docs/octopus-rest-api/octopus-cli/list-deployments.md

                             fatal. Defaults to 'debug'.
```

## Basic Example

> This example will list deployments for the specified project

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This example lists deployments for the specified project.
```

```
octo.exe list-deployments --project="Octo Pet Shop - DB" --server="https://samples.octopus.app" --apiKey="API-MyApiKey" --space="Tenants - SaaS"
```

> This example will list the latest 5 deployments for the specified project

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This example lists the latest 5 deployments for the specified project:
```

```
octo.exe list-deployments --project="Octo Pet Shop - DB" --server="https://samples.octopus.app" --apiKey="API-MyApiKey" --space="Tenants - SaaS" --number="5"
```

> This example will list the latest 5 deployments to Production

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This example lists the latest 5 deployments to production:
```

```
octo.exe list-deployments --project="Octo Pet Shop - DB" --server="https://samples.octopus.app" --apiKey="API-MyApiKey" --space="Tenants - SaaS" --number="5" --environment="Production"
```

> This example will list the latest 5 deployments to Production for tenant Petlife

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This example lists the latest 5 deployments to production for tenant Petlife:
```
